Improve wording in docs / examples (#3200)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/view-and-analyze-profile-data/profiling-types/_index.md

CPU profiling measures the amount of CPU time consumed by different parts of your application code. High CPU usage can indicate inefficient code, leading to poor performance and increased operational costs. It's used to identify and optimize CPU-intensive functions in your application.

- **When to use**: To identify and optimize CPU-intensive functions

> - **Flame graph insight**: The width of blocks indicates the CPU time consumed by each function

Reviewer: Is this a UI element? If so, then the wording should match what is presented in the UI, even if it doesn't match the general usage of "flame graph".

Reviewer: Although after reading the other related content to this one, it looks like this isn't a UI element. Never mind about the UI element comment. :)

![memory leak example](https://grafana.com/static/img/pyroscope/pyroscope-memory-leak-2023-11-30.png)

> Without profiling, this is maybe something that's exhibited in metrics or out-of-memory errors (OOM) logs but with profiling you have more details into the specific function that's allocating the memory which is causing the leak at the line level.

Reviewer: Changing the wording. Do you think "this may be..." or "this is..." works better in this case? Feel free to edit this comment to update the suggestion. 
```suggestion
Without profiling, this may be something that's exhibited in metrics or out-of-memory errors (OOM) logs but with profiling you have more details into the specific function that's allocating the memory which is causing the leak at the line level.
```
